chore: add requirements for IAccountExecute (#180)
alchemyplatform/ERC-6900-Ref-Implementation: standard/ERCs/erc-6900.md

- the account SHOULD call `onUnInstall` on the execution module to initialize the states and track call success if required by user.
- the account MUST emit `ExecutionUninstalled` as defined in the interface for all uninstalled executions.

### Hooks

#### Execution Hooks Data Format

> For accounts that implement execution hooks, accounts **MUST** conform to these execution hook formats:

Reviewer: I think in the rest of the doc, we don't make "MUST" bold, so we should probably removing the bolding here, too. The interpretation of the special all-caps words is mentioned at the top.

> 1. For `executeUserOp` calls, for execution hooks associated with a validator, accounts **MUST** send the full `msg.data`, including the `executeUserOp` selector.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
1. For `executeUserOp` calls, for execution hooks associated with a validation function, accounts **MUST** send the full `msg.data`, including the `executeUserOp` selector.
```

Installed validations have two flag variables indicating what they may be used for. If a validation is attempted to be used for user op validation and the flag `isUserOpValidation` is set to false, validation MUST revert. If the validation is attempted to be used for signature validation and the flag `isSignatureValidation` is set to false, validation MUST revert.

> #### Direct Call Validation.

Author: fix - other titles do not contain periods at the end
